social logins - testa auth0
- auth0 onRedirectCallback - see sample app

invite system
- invite users to workspace

show stats for each card

reverse cards when drilling
audio first drilling mode

drill except (not the same as unchecking something.. because if you uncheck one cardset the cards could still be in other cardsets.)

be able to search for cards

be able to sort card-sets from within a parent card-set (not only allow sorting from the workspace card-set-tree)
be able to delete drills

ability to go back to previous card in drill.

when creating or editing a card set there should be a "parents" multi choice select box
be able to create card-sets from within a card-set

add a "create card set"-button in the workspace view.

auto-start pm2 on reboot


be able to see all the cards that exists in a "parent card set"


be able to delete a card from all card-sets and the card itself. without having to delete it from every card set manually.

check for duplicates when saving cards


what to do with "abandoned" drill runs? delete them after a while?


font-sizes not working inside "add cards from other card sets modal"
fitty
change password
show stats for cards!
monit!
check logs!
style drill run page for mobile - make font size dynamic to fit screen?
drill everything EXCEPT. (for example all consonants except obsolote ones)
make a build/deploy script
adding users to workspace should not require separate save?

look for cards not in any card sets

"expand all" button in drill page tree

show the cards under the tree for card-sets that have children card sets.


COSMETIC: make loading spinner a card-shuffle
COSMETIC: make the loader outside react same as inside react


FUTURE: stop allowing unsigned in users to do anything?! OR create temporary session id's for them so that they can store drill runs etc...
FUTURE: different modals should have their own urls so that browser back button works
FUTURE: throw exceptions everywhere instead of "return UnexpectedError"?
FUTURE: uncaught exception should log all the same stuff as logWithRequest
FUTURE: clean up upload orphans
FUTURE: should be able to select additional card sets in the create card modal